Describe restorePosition (#2903)
DevExpress/devextreme-documentation: api-reference/10 UI Components/dxPopup/1 Configuration/dragEnabled.md

Specifies whether or not to allow a user to drag the popup window.

---
A user can drag the popup window by the title. Therefore, this property makes sense if the [showTitle](/api-reference/10%20UI%20Components/dxPopup/1%20Configuration/showTitle.md '/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxPopup/Configuration/#showTitle') property is set to true. 

> You can set the [restorePostion]({basewidgetpath}/Configuration/#restorePosition) property to **true** to display the {WidgetName} at the same position to which users dragged it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can set the [restorePosition]({basewidgetpath}/Configuration/#restorePosition) property to **false** if you want to display the {WidgetName} at the same position to which users dragged it.
```
